siren			steam escaping
bee hum			buzz of a fly
buzzing			gentle snowing around
crackling			giant wheels turning
droning			high pitch squeal
hissing			hiss of a jet engine
howling			hollow clattering
humming			like a buzz saw
musical			like engine cough
no noise			like hydraulicbrakes
pulsing			like sewing machine
roaring			like spinning top
screeching			like vacuum cleaner
shrill			like washing machine
sizzling			loud rushing noise
swishing			multi-motor sound
throbbing			motor boat
thumping			shrill boat whistle
whirring			soothing whirring
whistling			vibrating sound
whooshing			wind like
zooming			sputtering fuse
dynamo			thrashing machine
